HTML5 <video> and <audio> was supposed to be awesome, powerful, and fun.
But browser vendors couldn't agree on a codec
and older browsers don't support <video> at all.
This means <video src="myfile.mp4" /> doesn't work ...
until now. YEAH THAT'S RIGHT
Introducing MediaElement.js, an HTML5 <video> and <audio> player
that looks and works the same in every browser (even iPhone and Android).
For older browsers, it has custom Flash plugins
that fully replicate the HTML5 MediaElement API
so you can build a consistent control UI using just HTML and CSS.
MediaElement.js even supports newer standards
like the <track> element that enables the subtitles you're reading right now.
Also, new media formats like M(PEG)-DASH and HLS can be played with MediaElement.
As a bonus, the Flash fallbacks allow you to use FLV and RTMP files.
Hope you like it.
Come follow me at twitter.com/johndyer